# PODNAME: MooX::Options::Docs::Parameters
# ABSTRACT: Import Parameters of MooX::Options

=head1 IMPORT PARAMETERS

=over

=item flavour

Pass extra arguments for L<Getopt::Long::Descriptive>.  it is usefull if you
want to configure Getopt::Long.

  use MooX::Options flavour => [qw( pass_through )];

Any flavour is pass to L<Getopt::Long> as a configuration, check the doc to see what is possible.

=item protect_argv

By default, argv is protected. if you want to do something else on it, use this option and it will change the real argv.

  use MooX::Options protect_argv => 0;

=item skip_options

You can skip some option to remove them to the terminal. In that case, the 'option' keyword will just works like an 'has'.

  use MooX::Options skip_options => [qw/multi/];

If you have multiple tools that use the same Role with options, you can skip one and force his value.
In my example, it could be a multithread option that you want to disable in some cases.

=item prefer_commandline

By default, arguments to B<new_with_options> have a higher priority than the commandline options.

This parameter give to the commandline an higher priority.

  use MooX::Options prefer_commandline => 1;

=item with_config_from_file

This parameter will load L<MooX::ConfigFromFile> in your module. 
The config option will be used between the commandline and the parameters.

MyTools :

  use MooX::Options with_config_from_file => 1;

In /etc/MyTools.json

  {"test" : 1}

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<MooX::Options>