# PODNAME: MooX::Options::Docs::Philosophy
# ABSTRACT: Why another option module ?

=head1 DESCRIPTION

I explain here the reason why I have created this module.

=head1 Why not simply used L<MooseX::Getopt>

=over

=item * The main issue

I was building a tools, with many roles with a lots of attributes.
Sometimes I need some of them present in the command line,
but most of them should only be used inside the package.

L<MooseX::Getopt> automatically setup all attributes to be a command line option.
I have to check all tools, to see if I haven't forget to disable one attribute, and each
time I add a new one, I need to go through all command line to be sure that this attribute wasn't present
in the command line.

=item * Moving to Moo

I was moving to L<Moo>, and fail to find MooX::Getopt. The main reason is a simpler class system,
fast and light.

=back

=head1 The idea

I love to make stuff explicitly. If I want an attribute to be an option from the command line, I want to be able
to do it explicitly. When I read the code it is obvious.

=head1 The conception

Then I have discuss with Matt S. Trout (mst), explain the situation, and after many release, we have made this
module. It's clear, easy to use, and completly explicit.

=head1 Keep going

Since then I have keep that philosophy, and try ensure that any modules is always explicit, without any black magic.

The next stuff I'm on, is L<Jedi>. I have ton of issues to make simple stuff with L<Dancer2> and because of the DSL system
I wasn't able to do something simple and explicit. And well, also hacking this stuff was a nightmare.

So on the same philosophy, L<Jedi> is an explicit Web Framework, without any DSL. Simple to understand, to hack, to maintain.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<MooX::Options>